Update getting_started.rst (#879)
moveit/moveit2_tutorials: doc/tutorials/getting_started/getting_started.rst

Download Source Code of MoveIt and the Tutorials
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Move into your Colcon workspace and pull the MoveIt tutorials source, where ``<branch>`` is ``humble`` for ROS Humble, or ``main`` for ROS Iron : ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Move into your Colcon workspace and pull the MoveIt tutorials source, where ``<branch>`` can be e.g. ``humble`` for ROS Humble, or ``main`` for the latest version of the tutorials : ::
```
